can work with this phone you'll see a
phone restricted message on there now I
need to do is hit it undo ok so I'm
typing in I 15-pound pw you get that by
pressing the spare key a few times you
don't have to worry about exactly i do
it the purposes videos to show you that
you can do this yourself you will get
the legend you'll get everything that
you need with our support including
written instructions and all that so let
me just show you so p w+ now i'm
entering the actual code again don't
enter this code need your phone because
if you do you'll hard lock your phone
and there's nothing we can do to help
you at that point you'll have to
probably flash it if it's impossible to
do so let me just double check the code
755 446 375 8139 46 and then i'm going
to type in plus 7 all right I typing
count so you've seen what I've done
there I put in star p w+ the code plus 7
plus pound i hit okay now you see the
message restriction moved now that that
means is that your phone has
successfully been unlocked so now it's
going to restart you're going to see
them actually able to use the sim cred
that's in there now so you've had some
locks so let me actually make a phone
call from this phone 699 when i call the
global unlock 1 800 number you know and
oh so call that number and i'll show you
that it actually does work so you've
seen the phone be unlock you've seen how
the process works um this will work with
most nokia phones again make sure that
you haven't put in the wrong code or it
will not work we don't guarantee if
you've actually tried to unlock it
before but if you haven't tried to lock
it our process is fairly good at working
okay so you now seeing that you can
actually make a phone call from this
video and that everything works out
great I really hope you enjoy your newly
unlocked nokia phone again go to global
naw Kham get your unlock code oh one
last thing i'm sorry i forgot i told you
to show you this better for guy type in
star town 06 pound start pounds or six
pound and that's the serial number the
imei number that's the number that we
need from your website so unlock code I
put in earlier was actually calculated
from that say was calculate from that
imei number I get your phone will have a
different imei number and you will
calculate your unlock code from the imei
number that your phone has it so now
you're seeing a rogers phone you're
seeing a fido sim card and you're seeing
that this phone has successfully been
unlocked and i hope you enjoy your sins
be unlocked phone
you